# AMPLAB: Digital Twins Project

Check out the documentation <a href="https://josephzhengg.github.io/amplab-digtwins/" target="_blank">here</a>.

This repository contains code and resources for the AMPLAB Digital Twins Project. Look at the `notebooks` directory for Jupyter notebooks that goes through the workflow of data-processing and model-building for digital twins applications.

## Getting Started

Install dependencies using pip:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

If there are any issues with the installation, please refer to the documentation on the libraries used in this project for troubleshooting.

The main libraries used in this project are:

- MNE
- Pandas
- NumPy
- Matplotlib

## Repository Structure

- `figures/`: Directory to save generated figures and plots.
- `filtered_processed/`: Directory to save filtered and processed data files (filtering the processed files).
- `gan_data/`: Directory to store data generated by GAN models.
- `models/`: Directory to save trained models.
- `notebooks/`: Contains Jupyter notebooks for data processing and model building.
- `processed/`: Directory to store processed data files.
- `raw/`: Directory to store raw EEG data files.
- `synthetic_data/`: Directory to store synthetic data files.

## Notebooks

Currently on the `notebooks/benchmark` directory, you will find:

- `eeggan_test.ipynb`: Notebook to test EEG-GAN model for data generation using EEGGAN library.
- `filter.ipynb`: Notebook filtering raw EEG data with ASR and bandpass filtering.
- `processed_filter.ipynb`: Notebook filtering processed EEG data with channel selection.
- `resting_state_gans.ipynb`: Notebook to train GAN models on resting state EEG data.
- `separate_tasks_resting_state.ipynb`: Notebook to separate tasks from resting state EEG data (open eyes, closed eyes, etc.)
- `test_alpha.ipynb`: Notebook to analyze alpha waves in EEG data.

Moreover there are old notebooks found in `benchmarks/old_nb` that can be used, but are deprecated.

## Contributing

Make your own branch/fork the repository and submit a pull request for any changes or additions you would like to make. Creating a new folder under `notebooks/` for your own experiments is encouraged!
